Update slash commands in public docs (#530)
Netflix/dispatch: docs/user-guide/incident-commander.md

## Reporting

> Within Dispatch, Incident Commanders \(ICs\) are also participants, and will receive all of the participant messaging as well. When resolved as the Incident Commander, you are assigned that role by Dispatch, and your identity is propagated via various messaging. For `High` priority incidents, the Incident Commander is automatically paged \(via PagerDuty\).

Reviewer: IC is only paged via the oncall service defined if the `Page Commander` checkbox is checked for the chosen incident priority when the incident is reported.
```suggestion
Within Dispatch, Incident Commanders \(ICs\) are also participants, and will receive all of the participant messaging as well. When resolved as the Incident Commander, you are assigned that role by Dispatch, and your identity is propagated via various messaging.
```

> All Slack commands are listed below, or you may view _groups_ of commands relating to [People](#people), [Communications](#communications), [Tasks](#tasks), and [Incident Resources & Metadata](#incident-resources-and-metadata).

Reviewer: Should we point people to the list of commands [here](https://hawkins.gitbook.io/dispatch/configuration/plugins/configuring-slack#commands), which are up to date,  rather than listing them again here, which doubles the amount of maintenance?

Author: Yeah I'm a fan of DRY so that's a great idea. Erm... and... to do that we should recognize that these serve two different purposes. One seeks to educate incident commanders on how and why to use the commands in Slack, and the other helps people when configuring the app. Seems like we could either merge these, or double down on a separate section to help people use the software after configuration. Do you anticipate a lot of further changes to our commands? That could change how we approach it.

Author: Yeah the User Guide is definitely a different audience from those configuring the app. Thinking that a little duplication may just be a necessary evil in this case, to help users. I hope to anticipate and head off support questions, you know?

Reviewer: Sounds good.

* [`/dispatch-list-resources`](#%2Fdispatch-list-resources)
* [`/dispatch-list-tasks`](#%2Fdispatch-list-tasks)
* [`/dispatch-notifications-group`](#%2Fdispatch-notifications-group)
* [`/dispatch-report-executive`](#%2Fdispatch-report-executive)
* [`/dispatch-report-incident`](#%2Fdispatch-report-incident)
* [`/dispatch-report-tactical`](#%2Fdispatch-report-tactical)
* [`/dispatch-update-incident`](#%2Fdispatch-update-incident)
* [`/dispatch-update-participant`](#%2Fdispatch-update-participant)

## People
These commands help manage the people helping resolve the incident.

### /dispatch-assign-role
Anyone helping run an incident may play various roles. For example, you may have a scribe, or an executive liaison, or you may hand off the incident to a new Incident Commander. At any of these times, use `/dispatch-assign-role` to easily assign a role to any individual.

It's especially important to use this command when handing off responsibility for incident leadership. Doing so will help avoid any confusion about the identity of the current Incident Commander.

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-assign-role.png)

### /dispatch-engage-oncall

> You'll need the help of various teams to resolve an incident. To quickly page an on-call member of another team, use `/dispatch-engage-oncall` to resolve their identity, and optionally page them using PagerDuty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need the help of various teams to resolve an incident. To quickly engage an on-call member of another team, use `/dispatch-engage-oncall` to resolve their identity, and optionally page them.
```

Reviewer: Removing PagerDuty as we support other oncall services.

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-engage-oncall.png)

### /dispatch-list-participants
Use this command to determine which teams and individuals are engaged in the incident. The output looks like this:

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-list-participants.png)

### /dispatch-update-participant
Participants in an incident, or the Incident Commander, may want to know a participant's area of expertise or their expected contribution to resolving an incident. Use `/dispatch-update-participant` to update the reason a participant was added. The dialog appears like this:

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-update-participant.png)

## Communications
These commands help manage incident communications.

### /dispatch-notifications-group

> An incident notifications group consists of individuals, or a distribution list. Manage this group by using `/dispatch-notifications-group`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An incident notifications group consists of individuals, or distribution lists. Manage this group by using `/dispatch-notifications-group`.
```

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-report-executive.png)

### /dispatch-report-incident
Use `/dispatch-report-incident` to report a new incident.

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-report-incident.png)

### /dispatch-report-tactical
Regular tactical reports, such as using the Conditions, Actions, and Needs (CAN) format, are critical to keep your participants well-informed. Use `/dispatch-report-tactical` to easily create these.

The report form will appear like this:

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-status-report.png)

The output in the Slack channel will appear like this:

![](../.gitbook/assets/slack-conversation-status-report-response.png)

## Tasks
Dispatch provides a lightweight bridge between Google Docs comments that are assigned as tasks, and your incident Slack channel.

It looks like this, in the Incident Document:

![](../.gitbook/assets/google-docs-task-comment.png)

The following commands help manage these tasks associated with an incident.

### /dispatch-list-my-tasks

> Any individual who issues the `/dispatch-list-my-tasks` command will see a list of only their assigned tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any individual who issues the `/dispatch-list-my-tasks` command will see a list of tasks created by or assigned to them.
```
